itmo.lab/commands/CountLessPass.java
 itmo.lab.commands.CountLessPass
itmo.lab/commands/SumOfWeight.java
 itmo.lab.commands.SumOfWeight
itmo.lab/other/CollectionsKeeper.java
 itmo.lab.other.CollectionsKeeper
itmo.lab/commands/AddIfMax.java
 itmo.lab.commands.AddIfMax
itmo.lab/other/Color.java
 itmo.lab.other.Color
itmo.lab/commands/Help.java
 itmo.lab.commands.Help
itmo.lab/commands/Info.java
 itmo.lab.commands.Info
itmo.lab/server/ServerConnection.java
 itmo.lab.server.ServerConnection
itmo.lab/client/UpdatePerson.java
 itmo.lab.client.UpdatePerson
itmo.lab/client/ClientConnection.java
 itmo.lab.client.ClientConnection
itmo.lab/other/Person.java
 itmo.lab.other.Person
itmo.lab/server/DocumentHandler.java
 itmo.lab.server.DocumentHandler
itmo.lab/commands/Command.java
 itmo.lab.commands.Command
itmo.lab/commands/Show.java
 itmo.lab.commands.Show
itmo.lab/commands/ExecuteScript.java
 itmo.lab.commands.ExecuteScript
itmo.lab/other/Location.java
 itmo.lab.other.Location
itmo.lab/commands/SpecialSave.java
 itmo.lab.commands.SpecialSave
itmo.lab/commands/AddIfMin.java
 itmo.lab.commands.AddIfMin
itmo.lab/other/Coordinates.java
 itmo.lab.other.Coordinates
itmo.lab/client/CreatePerson.java
 itmo.lab.client.CreatePerson
itmo.lab/server/CommandHandler.java
 itmo.lab.server.CommandHandler
itmo.lab/commands/RemoveByPass.java
 itmo.lab.commands.RemoveByPass
itmo.lab/other/Message.java
 itmo.lab.other.Message
itmo.lab/client/InputHandler.java
 itmo.lab.client.InputHandler
itmo.lab/commands/SimpleAdd.java
 itmo.lab.commands.SimpleAdd
itmo.lab/other/ServerResponse.java
 itmo.lab.other.ServerResponse
 itmo.lab.other.ServerResponse$ServerResponseBuilder
itmo.lab/commands/Update.java
 itmo.lab.commands.Update
itmo.lab/commands/Head.java
 itmo.lab.commands.Head
itmo.lab/commands/Clear.java
 itmo.lab.commands.Clear
itmo.lab/other/PersonSizeComparator.java
 itmo.lab.other.PersonSizeComparator
itmo.lab/commands/RemoveByID.java
 itmo.lab.commands.RemoveByID
